place -Werror behind a flag which is ON by default (#2903)
aws/s2n-tls: CMakeLists.txt

You likely want this on older compilers." OFF)
option(SEARCH_LIBCRYPTO "Set this if you want to let S2N search libcrypto for you,
otherwise a crypto target needs to be defined." ON)
option(UNSAFE_IGNORE_COMPILER_WARNINGS "Compiler warning is treated as an error. Try turning

> this off when observing errors on a new or unpopular compiler." ON)

Reviewer: Can we include a warning that ignoring warnings may lead to ignoring unexpected/untested behavior?

You likely want this on older compilers." OFF)
option(SEARCH_LIBCRYPTO "Set this if you want to let S2N search libcrypto for you,
otherwise a crypto target needs to be defined." ON)

> option(UNSAFE_TREAT_WARNINGS_AS_ERRORS "Compiler warning is treated as an error. Warnings may
> indicate danger points where you should check to make sure that your program really does what
> you intend. Try turning this OFF to ignore warnings." ON)

Reviewer: We should probably be clear this isn't the customer's responsibility. How about:
```suggestion
option(UNSAFE_TREAT_WARNINGS_AS_ERRORS "Compiler warnings are treated as errors. Warnings may
indicate danger points where you should verify with the S2N-TLS developers that the security of
the library is not compromised. Turn this OFF to ignore warnings." ON)
```

set(CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUGOPT "")

target_compile_options(${PROJECT_NAME} PRIVATE -pedantic -std=gnu99 -Wall -Wimplicit -Wunused -Wcomment -Wchar-subscripts
        -Wuninitialized -Wshadow -Wcast-qual -Wcast-align -Wwrite-strings -Wno-deprecated-declarations -Wno-unknown-pragmas -Wformat-security
        -Wno-missing-braces -Wa,--noexecstack
)

> if (UNSAFE_IGNORE_COMPILER_WARNINGS)

Reviewer: Isn't this flag doing the opposite of what its name suggests? UNSAFE_IGNORE_COMPILER_WARNINGS=true means that we error for compiler warnings?

Author: right! will fix

set(CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUGOPT "")

target_compile_options(${PROJECT_NAME} PRIVATE -pedantic -std=gnu99 -Wall -Wimplicit -Wunused -Wcomment -Wchar-subscripts
        -Wuninitialized -Wshadow -Wcast-qual -Wcast-align -Wwrite-strings -Wno-deprecated-declarations -Wno-unknown-pragmas -Wformat-security
        -Wno-missing-braces -Wa,--noexecstack
)

if (UNSAFE_TREAT_WARNINGS_AS_ERRORS)
  target_compile_options(${PROJECT_NAME} PRIVATE -Werror )
endif ()

if(BUILD_TESTING AND BUILD_SHARED_LIBS)

>     target_compile_options(${PROJECT_NAME} PRIVATE -fvisibility=default)

Reviewer: Indent doesn't match others
